[theme music playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[dragons roaring]
[Syrax growls]
[Seasmoke screeching]
[roaring]
You stand before the queen
of the Seven Kingdoms...
with a dragon of House Targaryen.
I had no design upon it!
What do you want?
To learn the ways of dragonriders.
And to serve my queen.
Your Grace.
[dragons growling]
[bellowing]
[roaring]
You kneel quickly
for a man so suddenly elevated.
This dragon came to me. not I to him.
[Seasmoke screeches]
I have sweated blood
in service of House Velaryon.
I may appear lowborn.
but I know much and more of service.
And if the gods call me to greater things.
who am I to refuse them?
[Seasmoke growling]
Stand.
What is your parentage?
My mother was a shipwright.
My father is
no one of consequence.
Your ancestors? Any of House Targaryen?
We're not the sort of family
to keep annals. Your Grace.
What is your name?
Addam. Of Hull.
[Seasmoke growling]
You have done something...
I feared impossible...
Addam of Hull.
I am glad of it.
Do you think you can get him
to Dragonstone?
I can try.
[Alicent] All my life.
I have endeavored
to serve both my house and the realm.
And somehow none of it matters.
We are cast aside.
Or hated.
You'll have a scar.
but it will be easily hidden.
[rat squeaking]
Nothing is clean here.
I wish to go out. Ser Rickard.
Out?
To the Kingswood. I think.
Then I'll have
the stewards prepare a retinue.
No retinue.
- Then your handmaidens.
- No handmaidens.
Just you.
[indistinct chatter]
[Ironrod] What are they for?
The block or the crow cage?
The Wall.
The prince regent is merciful.
Hmm.
Well. they started a riot.
Justice is served. I suppose.
I have received word
of a matter of great importance.
Rumor of a sighting
of the dragon Seasmoke...
with a rider.
A fine piece of intelligence.
And now you seek favor
by delivering it to Prince Aemond.
Actually. I thought I might seek
your advice. Lord Larys.
Whispers being your province.
[guard] Kneel before the Prince Regent
Aemond Targaryen.
Oh. but this is your whisper.
Lord Jasper. not mine.
[Ironrod] But if you consider it valuable.
perhaps you could deliver it
and find favor with Aemond yourself.
[Aemond] You will forsake
your white cloaks for black
and serve out your days at the Wall.
[Larys] Who is this rider?
[Ironrod] That is less clear.
But it must surely be the Lady Rhaena.
She has wanted for a dragon all her life.
Indeed. but she tried already
when she was four-and-ten.
The beast Seasmoke very nearly
devoured her. Who else?
Yes. it is a shallow pool.
Where did you hear it?
My squire.
He heard it from the stable hand.
who heard it from his father.
a fisherman
whose shipmate claims he saw it.
Oh.
You are of course welcome to bring
this news to the prince regent. but. um...
perhaps this is one of those whispers
best left to the wind.
[Ironrod clears throat]
[dramatic music playing]
The queen is unharmed.
[sighs]
[Corlys] What of the rider?
Do we know who he is?
He appears to be a shipwright
in your employ. Lord Hand.
[Bartimos] A commoner?
With respect to your workers. Lord Corlys.
the lowborn cannot go around
seizing dragons.
Has the thief been secured?
[Gerardys] Her Grace has commanded
that he remain here as a guest.
She wishes him to be instructed
in the art of dragonriding
and that I should teach him
some High Valyrian.
We know nothing about this man.
save that he is lowborn.
What say you. Lord Hand?
We will await the queen's accounting
before passing judgment.
[sighs]
Where is the queen?
[Lorent] Her Grace sends word
she will not be attending.
[Mysaria]
So he serves you and not himself.
That is lucky.
Lucky? Or somehow ordained?
Seasmoke chose him. He surely has
Targaryen blood in him somewhere.
The dragon must sense it.
There will be others.
We will find riders
for Vermithor and Silverwing.
You trust this man?
What choice do I have? He has a dragon.
Without him. I have only Syrax
who may give Aemond a second thought.
The question is where to look.
Targaryen blood was perhaps too thin
in Ser Steffon Darklyn.
If I can find others
with a more direct line of breeding...
[Mysaria chuckles]
Forgive me. Your Grace.
But you are better served looking
under the sheets and in the woodpiles.
I once worked in a pleasure house
where generations of Targaryen princelings
had their revels.
There are fourscore of their bastard
progeny. at least that are known to me.
There are sure to be more.
perhaps some here on Dragonstone.
the misbegotten offspring of your house.
You speak of the lowborn.
They are as like to serve you
as highborn lords or ladies. perhaps more.
But in the highborn houses.
there is... an ancient fealty.
There is honor.
Your royal half-brothers.
Aegon and Aemond.
whose blood is pure. who wage war
against you for your throne.
Are they bound by honor?
A common shipwright vows to serve you
while your brothers seek to destroy you.
The order of things has changed.
Your Grace.
Why not embrace it?
For 20 years. the lords of this realm
levied insults at my sons behind my back.
Well then.
let us raise an army of bastards.
My lord.
"My lord"?
How you have come up in the world.
I wish to ask for leave to relinquish
my part as a shipwright in your service.
There are good men. and strong.
who can take my place.
Your leave is granted.
Well done.
[ominous music playing]
[knocking on door]
[Simon] Lord Tully
has answered your summons
and brought the Riverlords. my king.
[Daemon] My condolences
on the passing of your grandsire.
But the crown congratulates you on
your ascension to the head of your house
and lord paramount in the Riverlands.
Truly glorious. well done.
I did nothing.
Nevertheless. you are here.
which is the important thing.
You were quick enough
to dismiss me before.
You were of no significance
to me then. But now...
I shall have my great host.
You have a decision to make.
I presume it is clear to you
which is the right one.
You will forgive me. Your Grace.
I am green in this sort of matter.
as you so kindly point out. but...
it does seem to me
that you've made rather a mess here.
countenancing barbarities
in the queen's name.
Whose side are you on?
[breathes deeply]
The Riverlands are held together by oaths.
House Tully swore an oath to King Viserys.
We recognize the authority
of the named heir. Queen Rhaenyra.
and your own... as her king consort.
Good.
Then we shall go to face your vassals
and you will call your banners to war.
That might be difficult. my king.
Well...
I was told they would come to heel
when House Tully declared its allegiance.
That may be the case.
though it is yet to be seen
that they will heed my authority.
as young as it is.
And there is another problem.
They all hate you.
I don't need their love.
I need their swords.
[door opens]
Your Grace. my lord. the Riverlords await.
I fear we cannot delay them any longer.
[Daemon] Come along. Lord Oscar.
[dramatic music playing]
In the deepest darkness comes the dawn.
A new lord. a new beginning.
Let us put all the old unpleasantness
behind us.
Be welcome. my lords.
And you have my thanks
for answering my summons.
I know I'm not the man my grandsire was.
but I hope to begin well
and go on from there.
[Daemon] Well said.
One thing is clear.
The Rivermen honor the old ways
and abide by tradition.
Here. then. is tradition.
Grover Tully is dead.
Lord Oscar raised up in his place.
You have been summoned here
to swear anew your fealty to him.
and as his bannermen. answer his call.
And what would that call be?
In his wisdom. he has pledged
his house and yours to me.
[Riverlords murmuring]
[Riverlord] Lord Oscar.
for generations we have been guided
by the judgment of your forebears.
Why should we now follow a boy
younger than my own sons
when you will align with one who will
desecrate the innocent to reach his aims?
I did only what was necessary. my lord.
And I now deliver to you
the traitor Amos Bracken and his son.
No more traitor to his land than you.
Willem Blackwood.
I take to heart your words. Lord Piper.
And I agree. I am young.
And I have no love for Daemon Targaryen.
He has dishonored himself and the crown
with his... comportment here.
Nevertheless. having so little experience
to guide me.
my best course is to defer to the oath
my grandsire swore to King Viserys
when he named Rhaenyra his heir.
I see no reason to cast aside loyalty.
no matter how loathsome
I may find her representative. the prince.
"King."
Mind your tongue. boy.
[Riverlords murmuring]
Will you have our army or not?
I am. in the end. a Riverman.
and the word of my house stands.
even if certain people are unworthy of it.
Your Lord Oscar is bold.
But he is perhaps not wrong.
I may have been a touch enthusiastic
in pursuing my aims.
But don't allow my failings to keep you
from supporting an upright man.
Lord Oscar. we honor the old ways.
as Prince Daemon says.
And the old ways call for justice
to be done.
- [Piper] Yes!
- Justice has been done.
They who bent the knee to the usurper
have been brought to heel.
And now. we unite before our liege lord...
and our king consort.
I accept you as my vassal.
Willem Blackwood.
But...
I am lord paramount of all River Houses.
There is only one answer for the crimes
you visited upon your neighbors.
I did only what His Grace the king
required of me.
[Oscar] It is true that he made clear
his base desires.
but you did not have to pursue
such savagery.
You did it because you wanted to.
Our young lord speaks truly.
Seize him.
[Riverlords murmuring]
[Willem] You can't fucking do this.
Your Grace. command them.
I have only served you.
Command them.
If His Grace wishes
to show contrition for his acts
and to prove himself
deserving of our banners...
he must now rectify his grievous error.
Denounce your crimes...
and dispense justice.
Oh. dear.
[eerie sounds]
[unsettling music playing]
No. no! No!
I did as you asked. Your Grace!
I have been faithful.
[wind whistling]
[unsettling music playing]
[goat bleating]
[man breathing heavily]
What is this?
I never wanted it.
I was right not to.
All that pain it caused.
It crushes whoever wears it.
You always wanted it. Daemon.
Do you want it still?
[high-pitched ringing]
- [Aegon grunting]
- [Orwyle] Slowly. Slowly.
[Aegon groans]
I can't.
You can. You must try. Your Grace.
[Aegon groans]
- [cane snaps]
- [Aegon grunts]
[crying in pain]
I can't! I can't!
[groaning]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Your Grace.
- [sobbing] Oh. God. Oh. God.
- [knocking on door]
- [yells]
- [Orwyle] A moment!
- [knocking continues]
- A moment. please!
[door opens]
[groaning]
You really oughtn't to be
doing that alone. Grand Maester.
[groaning]
Allow me.
[Aegon groaning]
No. no. no.
- [whimpers]
- [Orwyle] Forgive me. Your Grace.
[grunts. then yells]
- Careful.
- Wait. wait.
[yelling]
Oh. no. no. no!
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
Your progress is impressive.
But I'm afraid you must work harder.
Your strength will return.
There are adjustments
to the gait and so forth
that you will learn now that you are...
as you are.
[breathing heavily]
You should be more cautious.
Aye. I should. Lord Larys.
He needs rest. He should be abed.
I push him on your instruction.
I'll have the sentry give you
more warning.
- Let him try again in a few hours.
- He is spent.
It will be long
before he may rest again.
[Aegon breathing heavily]
[Aegon groans]
[indistinct chatter]
[Corlys] Alyn.
My lord.
[Corlys] I have tasks
that need your personal attention.
The queen requires ships
at her service in King's Landing.
Charter fishing vessels
and pay whatever they demand.
but ensure their captains
are dependable.
- Put trusted swords aboard.
- Yes. m'lord.
Have them wait just outside
the harbor.
and there will be a message to carry
to one she will name.
The queen has found a new rider
for one of her dragons.
I've heard tell of it.
The rider is your brother.
She now makes the call for others.
Our people are of Old Valyria.
but we are not dragonlords.
I confess I knew little
of your mother's heritage.
If it is...
something in the blood...
My brother was ever restless.
yearning for some sign of his worth.
I am of salt and sea.
I yearn for nothing else.
[wind whistling]
[melancholy music playing]
[music turns suspenseful]
[horse snorts]
I will retire now. Ser Rickard.
When does Your Grace mean
to return to the city?
I'm not yet certain I do.
Good night.
[Jace] The lowborn claiming dragons?
Was it her idea? The Lady Mysaria?
You were enthusiastic enough
when Ser Steffon made his claim.
He was the Lord Commander
of your Queensguard. heir to the Dun Fort.
- These people are...
- Courageous.
Mongrels!
Jace.
Think what is at stake.
I know well what is at stake.
House Targaryen is the blood
of the dragon.
If any may lay claim to it.
what are we then?
The rightful rulers
of the Seven Kingdoms.
And what if one of your baseborn.
silver-haired dragonriders
decides he wants to rule
the Seven Kingdoms?
Did the Conqueror's Dream
foretell that?
What else would you have me do?
Prosecute a war which we will lose.
in which thousands will die?
Fly against Vhagar myself?
Or perhaps you will fly against her
on Vermax.
Jace. with these riders.
we can end a needless war.
I may take my rightful place
on my father's throne.
And when you die?
[scoffs] You are my heir.
Did you think I would have dark hair?
When you took Harwin Strong
into your bed.
did you think I might favor him.
or did it not cross your mind?
- Jacaerys...
- I am no fool. Mother.
The proof is here for all to see.
Yet I may argue my legitimacy
to succeed you because I have a dragon.
And now you say
you'll strip that from me too.
I mislike all of this. [sniffles]
Then don't pursue it.
But I cannot gainsay that which
the gods have laid before me.
[tense music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Mysaria] Do whatever you must
to see that it finds her.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music continues playing]
From the queen.
[music continues]
[music intensifying]
[music stops]
[man 1] You won't believe this.
Word is. Rhaenyra's recruiting smallfolk
to go to Dragonstone.
- Oh. fuck that.
- They wouldn't take you anyway.
[all laughing]
Ulf. they're looking
for Targaryen bastards.
Boats leave tonight. Hour of the bat.
Seven Hells. Ulf. This is it!
Yeah. a likely story.
You've been taken in. lads.
No. no. no. The queen's own handmaid
is here spreading the word.
Well. that's a shame.
'cause I'd have been first in line
if it wasn't for my injury.
'cause my leg hasn't been the same since...
Are you touched?
He's saying you can claim a dragon!
[man 1] The barkeep
from the Seven Maesters is going.
And two of the girls from Mother's.
A chance to stick it to Aemond!
- And claim a dragon.
- A dragon!
- Yeah. no. I know.
- [man 1] Wha...?
I know. I just... I can't...
I can't be sure it's all true.
You can't mean that you've been drinking
at the expense of all these...
- These good people. for a fiction? No...
- No. No. Shh.
All spark and no tinder?
- [man 1] They won't be happy.
- [man 2] Very unhappy.
- Never live it down.
- Come on. Ulf! The time has come!
- [man 1] Come on!
[man 2] Can I see a little glimmer?
[man 1] Where is it?
- There's the Ulf I know.
- [man 1] Yes.
- [man 2] There it is! There it is! Hey!
- Yes. there he is! Yes! Yes!
Wine! Wine for Ulf the Dragonlord!
Ulf the Dragonlord!
- [patrons cheering]
- Ulf! Ulf the Dragonlord!
- Ulf the Dragonlord!
- Ulf the Dragon!
[all chanting wildly] Ulf. Ulf. Ulf...!
[laughing]
[woman] I don't want you to go.
I have to. Kat.
We'll go to my brother in Tumbleton.
They'll have food. You'll find work.
I can't ignore this.
I never knew my father.
That much is true.
But I did know my mother.
I hid it from you.
And I'm sorry for that.
She worked...
in a pleasure house.
She was granted more freedom than most
because of who she was.
And because rich men pay more
to fuck a woman with silver hair.
She used to tell me...
I was no different
to her brother's boys...
Viserys and Daemon.
But I was ashamed of her.
I tried to make my way
with my own hands.
[somber music playing]
I could not protect you.
I could not keep our girl alive.
And now...
we would never want again
if I claimed a dragon.
They'd make you a lady.
I do not care to be a lady.
Hugh.
And neither do I want to be
a widow.
I have to do something.
[dramatic music playing]
[melancholy music playing]
[dragonkeeper in High Valyrian]
[in High Valyrian]
[dragon growls]
[in English] I used to think I knew
what it was to claim a dragon. but...
I understand now that
what I thought I knew is ash in the wind.
Perhaps it is blood. Or worth.
Or perhaps it's something else.
Each of you has left behind a life
to answer this call.
A life to which you
might never return.
If you survive.
you will be transformed.
No man or woman can face a dragon
and be otherwise.
Some of you may welcome
the prospect of change.
even death. given the alternatives:
privation. starvation. war.
This is our purpose.
To end those hardships.
For you.
For your kin. For all the realm.
With these two dragons added
to our number.
the enemy will have no choice
but to give way.
And peace will be restored.
Suffering will be ended.
And without bloodshed. gods willing.
[dragon growls]
[tense music playing]
The dragon named Vermithor...
is the largest in the world after Vhagar
and perhaps the most fierce.
He's called the Bronze Fury.
We will go to him now.
And...
may the gods bless you.
[in High Valyrian]
[thudding]
[rumbling]
[dragon growling]
[rumbling continues]
[heavy footsteps approaching]
[dragon growling]
[roaring]
[Rhaenyra in High Valyrian]
[roars softly]
[dragon grumbling]
[Rhaenyra in High Valyrian]
[growling]
[low growling]
[low growling continues]
[growls]
[in English]
Who among you would be first?
[dragonseeds murmuring]
[dragon growling]
[Rhaenyra] I've nothing more to tell you.
It must be the dragon who speaks.
[dragonseeds murmuring]
[murmuring continues]
[dragon growling]
[growling]
- [roaring]
- [dragonseeds gasp and yell]
[dragon growling]
[breathing nervously]
[dragonseeds screaming]
[grunts]
[dragon screeches]
[dragonseeds screaming]
- Your Grace. we must away!
- No.
- [dragon screeches]
- [dragonseeds screaming]
[grunts]
[screaming]
- [woman 1 screams]
- [grunts]
- [roars]
- [man 1 screams]
[dragonseeds screaming]
[yells] N... No! No!
[screams]
Help me. Help me.
[mournful music playing]
[coughing]
- [dragon growling]
- [panting]
[growling]
[dragon screeches]
[man 2] Get back! Get back!
[woman 2 screaming. whimpering]
[man 3 screaming]
[sobs]
[dragonseeds screaming]
[screeches. then roars]
[woman 3 screams]
[grunts]
[man 4 screaming]
- No!
- [shushing]
[dragon screeches]
[dragonseeds screaming]
[growling]
[screaming]
[roars]
[panting]
- [man 5 screams]
- [screeches]
[screeches]
[roaring]
- [woman 4 grunts]
- [Hugh gasps]
[growling]
[groans]
- [roars]
- [woman 4 whimpering]
Here. Here I am!
[roaring]
I'm ready.
[roars]
Come on!
- [dragon growling]
- [panting]
[dramatic music playing]
[triumphant music playing]
[Ulf panting]
[grunting]
[coughing]
[panting]
[grunts]
[dragon growls]
[dragon growling]
[dragon roaring]
[growling]
[grunts]
[low growling]
[growling]
[growling stops]
[dragon purring]
[sighs]
[laughing]
Lord Ormund Hightower makes slow progress.
There is great concern
that his host is threatened on two fronts
by armies allied with House Beesbury.
[crowd shouting outside]
However. in happier tidings.
Prince Daeron's dragon. Tessarion.
has at last taken to wing.
Your brother expects
to join the fight soon.
[guard 1] Dragon!
[Ironrod] When he does.
the Hightower host will be unstoppable...
[guard] Inside! Now!
- [crowd shouting]
- [bell ringing]
[guard 2] All hands to the scorpion!
Arm the scorpion!
[guard 2] Take positions!
[guard 3] Turning!
[ominous music playing]
[dragon calling]
Oh. Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa. whoa. whoa! [yelling]
Woo-hoo! Wow! Whoo! [laughing]
Whoo! Oh! Whoa!
Whoo!
Open the gates!
[dramatic music playing]
[roaring]
[in High Valyrian]
[grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[roaring]
[pensive music playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today